README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋 I'm Kevin Ngo</h1>

# 💫 About Me:

I am a fourth-year computer science student at The University of New South Wales
(UNSW) Sydney, passionate in exploring the worlds of coding,
and building robust, pragmatic applications.

## 🚀 What I'm Up To

- 💻 Building Spring Boot applications with PostgreSQL and React JS
- ⌨️ Building Node JS applications with PostgreSQL and React JS (PERN Stack)
- 🦀 Building Rust microservices with Kafka/RabbitMQ
- ☁️ Enthusiastic in cloud development AWS

## 🌐 Connect with me:

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/quoc-dat-ngo-a162a5277/)

# 💻 Tech Stack:

Languages:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/sql-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/css-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)

Developer Tools:
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)

Libraries/Frameworks:
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23232F3E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![ReactJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-F2F4F9?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring-boot)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Tokio](https://img.shields.io/badge/tokio-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white)
![Actix Web](https://img.shields.io/badge/actix--web-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white)
![Kafka](https://img.shields.io/badge/kafka-231F20?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachekafka&logoColor=white)
![RabbitMQ](https://img.shields.io/badge/rabbitmq-FF6600?style=for-the-badge&logo=rabbitmq&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)

<!--
**Quoc-Dat-Ngo/Quoc-Dat-Ngo** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update README.md, remove Next.js badge, comment out AWS, Kafka, RabbitMQ and Docker

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋 I'm Kevin Ngo</h1>

# 💫 About Me:

I am a fourth-year computer science student at The University of New South Wales
(UNSW) Sydney, passionate in exploring the worlds of computing/coding, especially the backend development
and building robust, pragmatic, production-style applications.

## 🚀 What I'm Up To

- ⌨️ Building Node JS applications with PostgreSQL to practice core backend concepts
- 💻 Building Spring Boot applications with PostgreSQL and React JS
- 🦀 Building Actix Web (Rust) applications with relational database (PostgreSQL)
- ☁️ Enthusiastic in cloud development AWS

## 🌐 Connect with me:

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/quoc-dat-ngo-a162a5277/)

# 💻 Tech Stack:

Languages:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/sql-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/css-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)

Developer Tools:
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)

Libraries/Frameworks:
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-F2F4F9?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring-boot)
![Tokio](https://img.shields.io/badge/tokio-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white)
![Actix Web](https://img.shields.io/badge/actix--web-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white)
![ReactJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
<!--
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23232F3E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![Kafka](https://img.shields.io/badge/kafka-231F20?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachekafka&logoColor=white)
![RabbitMQ](https://img.shields.io/badge/rabbitmq-FF6600?style=for-the-badge&logo=rabbitmq&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) 
-->

<!--
**Quoc-Dat-Ngo/Quoc-Dat-Ngo** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
